did you and this like there are all
these women on this movie and it's an R
rate a hard R rated movie as I've been
told I think education repeatedly like
was Will Smith allowed to come to the
setter was it kind of a like almost like
a bachelorette party me tell you
something will came to the set okay will
came to the set that was after I had
took them on a swamp tour but yeah what
okay so what happened was Jada had
invited me to dinner with her and Will
Smith and I thought oh this is it I'm
about to make that is pretty big and I
wore my best dress in China they asked
me Jada said what are you doing tomorrow
we off work what are you doing tomorrow
said well I got me a Groupon to go on
this swamp to her so that's what I'm
doing she said who you going with you're
going all by yourself I said yeah I'm
going all by myself girl I got no
friends out here in New Orleans
she said well maybe willing I go which
one I'm like yeah right so the next day
comes about and I smoked a whole bunch
of weed
the doctor the doctor told me to the
doctor told me to I thought it would be
super cool to be on the swamp and be
high in like the alligators have you
talking to me he pulls away and then I
get a phone call in this jada and I
didn't think she was really gonna call
me and then she comes just Tiffany is
too bought on this one to her I say yeah
I'm a leaving about an hour and she said
okay cool will and I are going which I
was like were she's like yeah ok cool
sis y'all got dinner last night
i'ma get y'all coupons don't worry
everything I get I thought I eat a lot
of bread and I'll do some jumping jacks
to try to sober up okay and I Drive over
today hotel and I'm starting to hand the
keys to the valet cuz I'm thinking I'm
jumping in the SUV with them at all they
security I'm gonna fill our presidential
you know like money all of the wheel
comes running out of the hotel jumps in
the backseat of my little $20 a day
rentals and he's like wow it's been
years since I've been in a regular car
[Applause]
so we'll trust me go-go-go right so I'll
start driving but in my mind I'm driving
like this I'm leaning back driving like
the in my mind but jaded it makes they
said I was on the steering wheel like
cuz all I can think to myself is Tiffany
you need to be as careful as possible
you don't want to be the on TMZ
that killed the fresh
[Applause]
Wow so we pull up to the spot that's
right there's a swamp tour so you pull
up and there's the white people in the
fake Asian swaps were and Jada's look at
it she goes Tiffany what is going on
here why do so many people and I said
Jada they probably all got Groupons oh
[Laughter]
wow she didn't know yeah
Jada what do you think a group on there
she said I thought it meant you had a
boat that you could take a group of
people long
Jayda I got a $20 a day rental car why
would I have my own boat ticket to get
on the swamp we had $66 like the fine
[Applause]
you with me I'm from South Central Los
Angeles so we go on until we go right we
go to the boat and the boat is full of
people and as we walk on I walk off
first thing everybody start clapping and
cheering and I'm like thank you thank
you
and they are like cheering and stuff and
then we'll sits down and this really
drunk guy comes like goes hey we'll what
part of Philadelphia are you from he
goes West Philadelphia can I get a
picture and a girl jumps up can she get
a picture and somebody else a can they
get a picture and it will stands up it
goes look look everybody this isn't the
Will Smith tour this is the Cajun swamp
tour so let's just have a good time so
we can see learn what we can learn and
at the end of the tour maybe we all take
some pictures with you guys if we're in
the mood is that all right with you guys
everybody's like yeah
[Laughter]
[Applause]
they didn't bother us we went on the
tour we enjoyed it we learned all this
stuff we'll leans over to me he crosses
his leg like this right because that's
how rich man said hey I don't have to
give me one of these I was like well one
of these ferry boats he's like nah nah a
swamp that is an unbelievably great
story what a day did they like they
liked it I guess yeah they loved it they
said it had been so long since they've
been with regular people Oh fancy dinner
at the Ritz Carlton told me to drive
home in my 20s
door opens on Friday Tiffany Haddish
everybody hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die